Enlist a friend to help you set up a plan for how to get through.
Neptune, the planet of soulful unions and fairytale-worthy dalliances enters your romance sector this April.
You should soon see positive results and accolades from those closest to you.
Hey, it happens to the best.
"Be very careful with your spending right now -- the numbers are deceiving.
Fit in a brainstorming session on Friday or Saturday, when you've got the creative bandwidth to find unusually elegant solutions and come up with innovative new concepts too.
Even if you're feeling trapped, look inward for the answers to guide you through this big problem.
Why not celebrate?"
You'll time your performance masterfully, so sweetie might never realize anything's up.
You have a carefully planned schedule, and you like it that way, but unfortunately, since you're not alone on the planet, paths often intersect and you're forced to change course.
"You finally get what you really want -- do you know what it is?
How will you-know-who know what you have in mind until you say it?
That might not sound like the pinnacle of romance, but tackling your social calendar, snazzing up your dating profile and the like can really pay off."
After all, endorphins are reliable friends if you kick yourself into motion."
Surf this tide."
Your passion, is back and it doesn't just apply to someone you find seriously attractive.
Take a deep breath and come back down.
Solitude will thrill you."
Go right ahead and take someone under your wing who needs what you've got to offer, especially your compassion.
Is someone newer and nicer (and way cuter!)
And you're looking your best today.
"Go ahead and give yourself a pat on the back.
"Your family needs you more than they are letting on -- so make sure that you're checking in with them from time to time throughout the day.
A long, hot shower will leave you feeling better than you have in some time."
All this work with nature might cause some new emotions to bloom."
It'll do your heart good."
"If you're single, it's going to be a bumpy night.
Your normal routines are going to be disrupted, and that could cause some breakdowns in harmony between the two of you.
Seek second and third opinions; run ideas by work buddies who can review your plans dispassionately."
"Every sign is known for traits that are 'universal' -- some as true and some as false as ethnic stereotypes.
This weekend's a fine time to test some new waters in the love arena -- heck, throw some bubbles in and light some candles while you're at it."
Everyone wants to bask in your light, and you're too generous to keep it all to yourself."
Listen!"
Even if it isn't, you'll have a great time.
You might need to check in with them earlier than you think.
(This week is about giving, remember?)
"A charismatic person will challenge the way you think about the ideals underlying your business.
You've been carrying on this behind-the-scenes infatuation for far too long.
Maybe so, if it's an important one.
Your love of a challenge may have led you to pursue someone who isn't worth your time."
If you're experiencing resistance, don't push.
Though it might feel impossible not to cling tightly onto something or someone, wouldn't your life be much easier if you could just loosen your grip a bit more?
The stars say it's time for you two to go after what you deserve, especially if you've recently experienced a setback or two.
An elevator?).
"All you need is a little more speed.
"Find a way to promote your vision of the future -- it shouldn't be hard on a day like today.
You may want to stage a dramatic hissy fit as an excuse to kiss and make up, but go ahead and skip right to the kissing part.
"Working from home will go well for you, especially if you're composing communications or negotiations.
Change is in the air as you work through challenging relationships and friendships."
Your plans are helped out by circumstance -- which is extremely helpful in the realm of romance!
Don't worry about stepping on anyone's toes, either.
Your strong sense of self and fixed ideas of how things should be mean that if you don't make a special effort, you find yourself in a rut."
It's a good time to start a new journey."
"Build up your circle of allies, so you know you can trust them when the big business starts to pour in.
"It's not like you to run ahead like this.
Resist the urge to add to the ambient fireworks on Friday and over the weekend.
Seriously good news brightens your days on the 21st and 22nd.
"You will most likely find yourself in a bottleneck you can't get out of easily, thanks to coworkers -- or worse -- clients who are determined to move at their own pace.
Just go with the flow -- there's nothing you can do about it anyway, so enjoy this changeable day."
It has nothing to do with you.)
You'll make some real progress without drawing too heavily on your resources."
You may discover a new favorite food!"
Pat yourself on the back (nobody else is going to do it for you) and get going.
Most likely, a positive attitude is the source of that energy; find new ways to show it.
Grin, and don't say a word.
Your relationship with yourself is key.
Things will definitely be interesting, and a big change might be on the way.
Current celestial influences encourage quiet contemplation and deep thinking.
You deserve someone great.
Deep doesn't always mean heavy, so make it meaningful instead of weighted down with expectations."
You like it so much better than another cheap geegaw."
Let sweetie know exactly how you're feeling!
"You need people to help you get what you're looking for.
"Now is the time to show off what an awesome friend you are.
If you're feeling a bit more introverted than usual, there are still lovely ways for the two of you to spend the day.
Many wise souls recommend taking a business-like approach to finding love, but where's the bliss in that?
"The new year is a time for many things, but it's definitely no time to cut corners.
You're good at that."
Luckily for you, this disbandment will be short-lived.
First, you're easy to get along with (particularly right now).
That's basically what it comes down to.
You may have some big, fun plans in store, but your energy is pushing you to take extra care of your mind and body now, too.
There's nothing dull or ordinary in the work you'll encounter but with so many new elements involved you could easily be getting in over your head.
Listen to those you deal with regularly about their opinions and aspirations, and try to integrate them into your own thinking."
Actually, you two have a very special rapport and that includes being blunt to, well, the point of rudeness at times.
Though you may feel as if someone's being aloof and terrible, try an intellectual approach.
This weekend, your stock is up."
"Stop banging your head against the wall!
Which qualities match yours and empower all parties?
They know you're exhausted, so they haven't counted on you rising to their challenge.
Let your instincts guide you."
Easy, there.
When this period passes, you'll be sure you're right about everything that's been happening -- and ready to act."
If you follow your gut today you're going to find just what you're looking for.
In circumstances beyond your control, you may find yourself talking to someone you never would have considered talking to before.
Go get 'em!"
Is it how your happiness rings out like a bell?"
Now that your emotions are under control and your big brain is working at top capacity, you're almost unstoppable.
It's the perfect time to draw up a list of goals, even if it's exactly what everyone else around you is doing."
You might decide to let go of a lot more!"
"You're in a hurry to get projects under way or plans enacted, but the stars may not be in your favor now -- at least when it comes to new initiatives.
If it's romantic, then you should have no problem with the next step.
Discretion is one of the qualities you prize most about yourself, and it's one reason your friends and family adore you so much.
Work is going well right now.
"Been afraid to try out a radical new hairstyle?
"Your senses go far beyond the merely physical, though you're most likely no one's psychic friend.
"Look extra closely at appearances -- yours in particular.
The urge to just sit there and browse all day could overwhelm you if you don't nip it in the bud.
Don't make any long-term plans at the moment.
"It's time to stand up for yourself, but this has never been something you've shied away from.
"You need to move quickly today -- it's one of those days when taking the initiative can make the difference between success and failure.
Just do something that's fun -- something outside the house."
"You may not like what you hear around the house today -- but you need to be sure to pay attention!
Why not?"
The right person who challenges you intellectually and fulfills you emotionally is out there.
Friday through Sunday, a humble attitude toward others will diffuse tensions."
"Roommates or even your sweetie will start to bug you beyond belief, but there's a solution that won't get you in trouble: Take a big step back.
You're no huckster, and you're not a shuckster, either.
You may find that your energy feels a bit overextended, but that's all part of the plan.
"Your productivity will be super high, but that might not be true for the rest of your team.
Once you're done with any boring obligations today, seek out some self-indulgence.
While going way out on a limb isn't advisable, using your finely tuned instinct definitely is.
Tune in to whatever energies are directing you and you'll have one inspiration after another.
Who knows -- the more you up the ante, the more you might find you like it.
"Use your superpowers to zip through your work or chores today -- you've got far more going on than others realize.
"You and your ego may need to sit down for a talk today -- it's just getting in your way, but you don't quite feel comfortable breaking up with it.
You might feel like you have a lot going on -- and a lot of people really are making unreasonable demands --- but you can handle the craziness.
No need to pack an overnight bag -- just good music."
Use your natural speed and clever brain to engage them instead of simply dismissing their concerns.
Maybe all of the above is destined to happen."
Even though you may care deeply about each other, conflict is likely to spiral out of control, thanks to the day's energy.
Love's complicated, but it's not that difficult to figure out -- especially considering the added insight you'll gain on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.
Magnetism, energy and strength bolster your already formidable talents.
Now is not the time for big risks.
You are smooth as silk now, and you should get along really well with your sweetie no matter how strained things have been recently.
Problem is, you're the only one who wants to fight.
You're nearly irresistible -- and you could have people lined up around the block for a chance to get close to you."
It's a really good time for you to show others you know how to kick back."
On Thursday, Friday and early Saturday, spend time with good friends.
Your romantic ideas and those belonging to someone close -- maybe a relative -- are just about to clash in a big way.
Think carefully about the results you're after -- you don't want the wrong message to get out there."
Your approval means a lot to someone special.
Sometimes communication happens somewhere south of consciousness.
In the evening, take some time to celebrate with friends or family.
All work and no play (and no rest!)
Don't forget, the best info is obtained quid pro quo!"
Almost.
It takes a lot of bravery to trust, and you could get hurt.
Just don't get too crazy.
"If there's anything you appreciate in your loved ones, it's consistency.
Buckle down and do your work.
"You've been checking out a different position at work for a while now, especially since you think you could do a better job than anyone else.
"Today is perfect for kicking back and letting others take the lead.
Your thoughts on your ideal relationship may have changed, and now probably have a healthy dose of humor mixed in.
"If you'd rather be at home, don't try to be the life of the party.
Shop around a little.
After all, it's your territory and nobody else's.
You know that where there's a will, there's a way.
You might be feeling sneaky, but actually you can just reach out and grab (or ask) for it."
If you two aren't quite at the neck-nuzzling stage, invite them over, anyway.
Heck, they might want to join in.
If you can't quite bring yourself do it just yet, plan to do it soon.
Cleaning and organizing will be time well spent, especially when it comes to improving your outlook on your job."
You don't need to know every last thing about your partner -- in fact, you prefer a little mystery.
But that's no reason to worry.
"Sometimes adults can be incredibly nosy.
"Isn't it satisfying when you suddenly understand a concept that's eluded you forever?
Let the actual purveyor of the message deliver the happy news.
It's time to shake things up.
It's a good time to go trolling for new ideas and contacts, and your coworkers should be able to fill you in.
It will be amazing how much the end result syncs up with your ideal, even if you think you've lost.
Well, it might -- so sit tight and keep quiet.
So is the 26th.
Fight a good fight, but be willing to find a compromise, too.
Friday and Saturday, all is not peaches and cream with regard to your love life, nor is all ruined.
It may be a huge domestic disturbance or the beginnings of an uprising at work, but you need to retreat for now."
You're feeling shy.
Open up to both your analytical side and your deeper intuition -- this effort is going to require them to both work together."
Write a poem or paint a picture to let them know just how romantic you feel on the 11th, 12th and 13th.
You can go the what-you-see-is-what-you-get route -- or you can choose a bit more mystery, and even a little finesse.
It could be someone you haven't spoken with in far too long.
Does this mean you should let them take advantage of you and the tender, pensive mood you're in?
A good relationship has a series of checks and balances, just like a good government.
After all, you love them because they're wonderful.
Just offer your help when your sweetie needs it, whether or not they think to ask.
They're preparing to ask for a bit more of your time.
Evading whatever sneakiness they're cooking up shouldn't be a problem, and you'll come out of it smelling like a rose."
Your hermitlike sentiment also makes conversation hard.
It's all temporary, and you should be able to find a way to turn these delays into positive outcomes for yourself, your team and your business."
You are really, really good at what you do.
A choice will be obvious on the extremely excellent 8th and 9th.
"You'll finish your goals faster than you can set them today.
"Snuggle!
You're feeling centered and grounded and others will likely find that confidence inspiring (and even attractive!).
And spend time planning some fun -- romantic fun -- for Saturday and Sunday."
Even the seemingly insignificant details have meaning, so don't let anything get past you (and pay attention to your most minor moves, too).
More sassy than fighty, and just as able to take it as to dish it out.
It's not like you're turning into a raging maniac, but you do need to make sure that you're not alienating anyone by bragging or denigrating their own hard work."
"Everybody loves you, and that's not such a bad thing.
Planning on moving to a more expensive apartment?
"You're experiencing some weird family issues right now, most likely with those older than you.
Procrastination is a thing of the past.
Present the facts calmly and let them figure everything else out on their own.
At the very least, form a plan for handling them."
Your partner will most likely follow along with your decisions today, thanks to your almost hypnotic charm.
And the sooner you two can get down to what it's all really about -- romance!
Big changes are afoot in your love relations, and frankly they're just in time.
"Creativity is foremost in your heart and soul right now, so make sure you carve out some time to spend on your own.
"Nobody but nobody likes to suffer.
How convenient for sleeping in late the next day!
"You know working out is good for your health, but it's also excellent for your career.
Take care of every detail, tailoring it to the two of you, and they'll love it, too.
"You're feeling a little detached from reality, so maybe it's time to check back in.
"Get over your aversion to uncertainty, at least for the moment.
on your horizon?
Designate a tactful messenger.
"You're in a dreamy state of mind and -- more importantly -- emotional state.
You'll make connections you never thought possible."
You really need to put some effort into your personal money situation at the moment.
The next step appears when you're ready."
It's just that two people are making such huge demands you can't possibly accommodate both of them at once.
After all, a person can only wash so many dishes and clean up so much wrapping paper."
You can always insist you need time to prepare.
Whether you stick around to see what happens after the show is entirely up to you."
The odds are that it doesn't look quite so awesome then."
Things might heat up (in a touchy way) before they warm up, so be patient.
You're in a good position.
Know when to stop and reconsider current circumstances in light of longer-term goals.
Rebirth and regeneration are your themes on Saturday, and Sunday finds you taking risks."
You're your own master, and sometimes you just need to cut loose and relax.
Try to keep it on the down low early, then venture out in the afternoon."
Your heart and your head can't seem to agree on Monday and Tuesday and this might be a better time to think than act (especially if you can count on some back-and-forth banter with friends).
If you liked yesterday, you're going to love today.
Singletons, meanwhile, are bold -- and utterly beautiful to the right person.
Be ready to assert your independence or defend your stance on Sunday."
As you initiate new projects in one realm of your life, another realm -- your home life -- seems to take a turn for the worse, especially on Wednesday.
It's as good a day as any to scrub those dingy corners and rearrange all those nasty binders.
You've either done the footwork or you haven't -- only you know.
Friends in high places are sure to admire your energy, so you might get a date request.
Is everything adding up?
Right now, though, some not-so-good stuff is starting to give way to something much cooler, so you're feeling pretty good.
Indulge in the classics: Romantic moonlight, soft music and a delicious dinner can go to your head tonight.
Biting your tongue in a relationship can be more painful than it seems.
Listen to yourself when you talk about love, and you'll learn something surprising."
Turn some of that frantic action into deep thought.
It's easy to put a crush up on a pedestal, but it's also dangerous.
Consider how you sound, and consider holding back a bit more than usual.
Prepare for competition around Thursday and Friday.
You won't be swayed by baseless appeals to your emotions.
"You're ready to travel, to take off for somewhere you've never been, possibly even with someone you've never traveled with before.
You and your sweetheart should be able to find a place you both want to see -- and the planning will be easy!
Maintain a bit of reserve and only say what you know for sure."
"Words that are meant to be constructive might be interpreted otherwise, so try to make sure everything you say has only one possible meaning.
The 19th is a great day for kissing.
"Your easy social energy makes today somewhat sweeter, though you may also find that your friends are a little needier or whinier than usual.
Have confidence in your ability to work through problems instead of ignoring them.
It's lover-ly!"
"You need to bust out some big ideas today -- so it's a good thing your imagination is in overdrive!
"You are feeling a wave of calm pass over you, which should make it a lot easier to exercise the patience you know you need to make it through the day.
"Try to defer any big decisions relating to contracts or other detail-oriented endeavors at the moment.
Beginning Friday and through most of the weekend, your creative juices are ready to flow.
"You may not have exercised perfect judgment exactly when it came to making a recent financial decision, but now you can rest easy.
Not only should you enjoy the change of pace, but you should also meet some new folks who can brighten up your life in just the right way.
'It' may be a platonic relationship or a hot prospect, but let the other person set the tone.
"You need to spend some time alone -- or at least in deep thought.
"Art holds some serious appeal to you today, even if you consider yourself deeply materialistic.
That's your intuition talking.
It's going to be a high-energy day for you.
"Opportunity's coming knocking this week, so put out the welcome mat and be ready to answer.
If you're not even sure what the 'iron' stands for, don't worry -- all you need to know is that the time is right for daring and swift action.
Investigate everything you can!
"Something's holding you back.
"You don't hide the fact that you're ambitious, though you may hide your particular ambitions from time to time.
Shop around.
Direct your energies toward fresh romantic prospects.
"Relax?
Give yourself room to grow."
"Listen up and look with care as the week begins.
Your boss bugs you on the 23rd.
To you, buildings aren't just concrete and glass, they're expressions of human ambition, human creativity and human fear of mortality.
"Whatever you're feeling?
"You'll slide through the day like a greased monkey skating down a banana tree.
At their service is where you should be.
Relinquish control of dinner plans and you'll be pleasantly surprised by what ends up on your plate.
Later on, find a new way to make someone else feel better."
"You have to bust out of your current patterns and start making random ones.
"It feels like you just upgraded your mental DSL to something super-fast.
It's a good time to ask you-know-who for a big favor.
Ask a big question.
Let them go.
Things won't be as bad as you fear, and you might actually learn something cool about Sweetie -- and yourself.
See if you can find a way to relax the tension without giving up ground.
"You of all people understand the power of the right approach.
One or more of your creative solutions might be worth instituting as policy."
"You've got to take care of something that has been troubling you lately.
You are a pillar of patience.
Plus, you'll have made an ally for life.
Forget about enjoying it.
What to do?
You bet you are.
"Your need for well-organized plans will be hard to meet for now, as those around you improvise and act spontaneously to seize new opportunities.
Then, for a couple days starting Tuesday, reality and fantasy are so close together, it's downright spooky.
Although life is good for you, it could always be better.
The universe is pushing you to grow and change, which means letting go something you think you really need."
It seems like an awesome match, though they may be reading comics while you read Shakespeare -- or vice versa.
There's no point in delay -- you know they feel the same, and you know they want to hear it from you.
Open your arms to expectations."
Sometimes decisiveness looks smart, but right now, delving into the options -- and presenting the best of them -- shows you're on top of current thinking and innovation.
Be shrewd Sunday as well."
Right about now, it will take everything you have to stay on track, even if you know there's nothing you'd rather do.
"You could meet somebody who will explain something to you that's been a little bit dark and cloudy and mysterious for some time.
"Everybody loves you -- no matter where you end up going.
Slurp up some ice cream, shake your tail feathers ...
"You've often been called obsessive, which is certainly true, though you need to remember to see the positive side of it -- the fact that obsession is really just extremely focused concentration!
"A radical change is on the horizon in your home life.
"Tell the world how you feel!
It feels good to put something big and difficult behind you.
But let's not forget that you're getting those pats on the back for a reason.
Tonight is full of all kinds of fun activities, so buck up and get moving.
It's not such a bad thing, really, especially if they're doing the same thing.
It can be hard for others to keep up with you sometimes.
They would love to help make your life better."
Be clear with them about what it is that you want on the 25th.
actually have a few ideas of their own.
"The big boss makes the whole office shake when walking down the hallway.
"Someone may call your abilities into question.
Express your anxieties in a healthier way for best results.
You need them to duct-tape your mouth closed so you can keep that secret safe.
"Switching into a cool, intellectual mode will serve you well today.
The chemistry between you and that one hottie is unmistakable.
Wednesday and Thursday are better days, more fun, but still, everything happens in a minor key.
Around Wednesday and Thursday, confine your competitive instincts to work; love's not a game, and if it feels like it is, you may need to readjust your perspective.
Get together with your BFF and hatch it all out."
Pool your resources and have a blast!"
It's a good time to really try to change things for the better!
It's a good time to get involved in team projects -- let everyone have a piece of the burden and the glory."
Ask for a reality check from a smart, level-headed friend."
Crushes are fun, so let yourself enjoy this one."
One moment you're strong-willed and high-powered, but the next you are equivocating or ready to follow without asking questions.
Get ready for a super stellar wrap to the year on the 29th, 30th and 31st.
Add your own deliberately positive energy for great results, especially when it comes to love.
"Don't lag behind your rivals next week.
Now, if this is a potential relationship, be sure it won't interfere with your career before you take the next step.
Even though no one has officially told you about it yet?
"Uh-oh!
Talking it over will help you realize what you need to do to work out this problem -- it's not as difficult as it seems."
You're feeling dreamy and brainy during the day, and your imaginative and intellectual powers are all fired up.
It's all about undercover encounters and enticing partners.
Or has time at home never been a part of your routine?
Be careful to stay true to yourself, no matter what developments occur at work on the 20th.
If you haven't already dealt with it and resolved old business, do so today -- fasten your seat belt and prepare!
"Avoiding conflict isn't really your thing -- you'd much rather have it out and move on.
You have way too much going on, and the only solution is to pull it back a little.
"In love, there are risks.
"You're the paragon of multitasking today, and with a bit of care, you can make amazing progress on any number of projects at once.
Any newcomers to your circle may be a bit surprised by you."
"An activity that involves several schools may put you in contact with a hottie you've never laid eyes on before.
If you're looking, celebrate the possibilities."
Balance is never easy for a Scorpio.
Namely, work itself!
If sweetie has an authoritarian side, it's likely to come out today -- and you're likely to resent it in a big way.
"You've always had high standards, but some overly meticulous celestial influences could have you going from picky to persnickety, especially when it comes to office matters.
"You're dreaming of travel, and it could happen sooner than you think.
Are you making it difficult to live with you?
"Reach out across the office or to a colleague in the industry -- you have the ability to help someone out.
No matter how small, your effort will be repaid."
You're so focused on improving your love life that you can forget the most important part: enjoying what's here right now.
"The extra hours and energy you've been putting in lately are starting to pay off professionally -- not so much personally.
"You know your middle name?
In the evening, you're on firmer footing."
Make sure your setup is ergonomically in order, and find a way to get both the privacy and the input you need from others.
Their feelings are a wee bit out of whack, but they should return to normal as early as tomorrow morning.
If you gravitate toward less-conventional people and places, you'll have a ball trying to figure them out.
Don't hesitate to seek out that peer who has a unique take on things."
At the moment, you have just the right balance of affable open-mindedness and full-fledged curiosity.
Don't put off for tomorrow emotional work you could do today.
"The underdog will have all of your sympathy right now -- even if you're the top dog.
They should be more pliable than usual, so go nuts and see what happens.
"If you have a plan you're just dying to make happen, tell it to one of your closest friends -- someone you can trust all the way.
You may encounter someone with just as intense a personality as you have soon.
"Make a move -- there's no reason not to!
A drag?
"The push and pull at the start of the week isn't a fight per se, it's just several people trying to establish interpersonal boundaries.
Aren't you glad that you resolved those emotional issues before you got slammed at work?
See if you can interact with the folks who pay your bills in some way and you'll be greatly rewarded.
"From bursting into song at lunchtime to tap-dancing across the pool deck, you sure know how to get people's attention.
They'll be a great source of comfort and laughs."
"Your mind's likely more on business matters than on the sweet stuff as the week begins, but don't be so preoccupied that you miss the signal a certain someone is sending.
Approach it with calmness, and be open to anything.
Try putting your effort into finishing something you already started instead."
Don't worry too much about the specifics -- focus instead on the much-bigger picture.
Avoid letting yourself be ambushed and consider some unusual tactics (make them an ally or kill them with kindness, for instance).
If you find yourself tiptoeing around, well, this is probably smart of you -- your instincts are to be trusted.
Without them, who would hear all your drama and counsel you so wisely?
Where work might call for a bold move, a challenge in your relationship is probably best met with a more subtle approach.
"'A family in harmony will prosper in everything,' so says a Chinese proverb.
"It's a good day to pay attention to the fine print -- especially if travel is on your agenda!
Whether you're dating someone new, appreciating your partner more or looking around for the right person, it all works out."
Get to work convincing your peers that your way is the right way -- you can save the day and improve efficiency all at once."
Set your course quickly and put your plans into action as soon as possible to make the most of this new romantic possibility.
You give a little, they give a little, and together you come to an agreement that is mutually beneficial (in theory).
"Tempers and passions are both ablaze simultaneously.
You don't have to take anyone's rudeness, but you also don't have to make a federal case out of it."
It's a great time to kick it solo or maybe with one good friend, and figure it all out.
You surely love the idea of trying something new, but don't get too far out.
Your diligence is its own reward, of course -- but you'll be glad to hear you're due for a little unexpected bonus right now.
And that's just a taste of the good vibes coming your way on the stellar, totally wonderful 21st and 22nd.
"Your energy is bright and powerful these days and on Monday you're feeling like a new you.
Things are kind of blurry!"
Believe it or not, a little independence on both your parts will help refresh and renew your sense of connection.
Thankfully, it doesn't have anything to do with you.
But beware: Work issues, especially the interpersonal ones, look extremely tricky on Friday, and stress is likely.
It starts out quietly enough, and you may just bounce along for a while until a surge of energy hits you early in the afternoon.
That self-confidence of yours is hot indeed, and you've definitely got the power of love right now.
Thus, you'll be a little out of sync with your peers.
Your energy is best spent on getting yourself into shape and keeping yourself there, so make a plan and stick to it!"
"You thought you were done with all your shopping, but suddenly, you've remembered what you forgot -- or should we say 'who' you forgot.
"Sometimes it's best to just let the roommates be right.
Cashmere blanket, anyone?
"Today you have your mind on the future.
You need to welcome romantic change with open arms today.
"You can bring new things to life today -- it's easy for you!
Being flamboyant and forward is not the answer right now.
"It's all about beginnings today -- for you and for most others.
You're feeling especially close to a friend right now.
You're feeling it to the nth degree, and you absolutely can't help yourself from allowing the fullest expression of those feelings.
If and when it happens, use your gift for details to see exactly what needs to happen -- who needs to do what, etc., to make the event a success.
A burst of inspiration will help you sort through all the conflicting hopes and dreams, showing you what you really want out of life.
"Your assistance will make the difference between a slow day and record productivity.
Now is the perfect time for the two of you to make plans for the future -- even just next weekend.
It may be time for you to make your ambitions plain for all to see, though you should expect some push-back."
Knowledge is power today, especially when it comes to your love life.
After all, without vulnerability, you can't develop compassion; without compassion, it's pretty difficult to sustain love."
There's nothing like being in the presence of nature to remind you of your place in the universe."
In this case, your long-term interests will most likely be better served by sticking with the devil you know than running toward seemingly greener grass."
"First, the good news: Doing battle isn't frightening or intimidating to you.
Be proud of yourselves.
But you've learned that others aren't quite so skilled at it, so you're not ordinarily confident about believing everything you hear.
Do you think it's bad for business but don't know how to say so?
(You may also get some good advice.)
Luckily, you've got your own in-house human resources staff -- oh, wait, that's you, too.
Like an oak tree in the summer sun.
Get a friend something sweet, offer a coworker a hand or hold the elevator door for a stranger.
Sometimes you're too close to your own life."
"Today is one of those wonderful days when you can actually find adversity terrifically inspiring.
Try to see the intention behind what someone says or does, even if the result comes out a little abrasively.
"In just 24 hours, you'll be under constant supervision -- loving, attentive, wonderful supervision, but supervision, nonetheless.
Try a new attitude of amused detachment instead of taking every bump in the road as a comment on you -- and see just how much simpler life can be!"
Proclaiming your feelings at maximum volume might feel freeing, but your energy requires a more subtle approach today.
It could be that someone else gets to them first, though -- so move!"
"Your health is much on your mind today, but most likely not thanks to unexplained pains -- it's just the way you're thinking.
You may feel ambushed, but it all works out for the best."
They are as excited -- and probably as bashful -- as you are.
You might score some serious cash out of it, or maybe your cred will pop up into the stratosphere.
Try putting your love life on the back burner for now."
Business is looking good on the 13th and 14th.
A small risk is one thing, and a great big huge crazy-insane risk is another.
Get what you want on the 25th.
They won't be able to articulate what's wrong, but that won't keep you from helping."
The anthropomorphic shape of certain clouds could yield a poem, while the sound of the ocean could inspire a new song."
Starting on Thursday and on into the weekend, you'll be a people-magnet.
It may be true that money talks, but you need to tell it to keep quiet now.
So even if your sweetheart is doing their darnedest to needle one out of you, stay true to your principles!
In the meantime, expect to endure at least one more conversation with the same person -- yes, over the same issue -- before it's all over.
If it worked out this time, great -- but don't press your luck!
Get what you need, while you're at it!"
Ask around a little about this new love interest -- or ask them yourself directly.
Wednesday and Thursday, if the problem persists, apply your imagination toward solving it.
You'll get a fresh sense of energy that'll boost your relationship, too.
If you push forward now, you'll make excellent progress and leave all the discord behind."
Dust off that private-investigator badge and start sleuthing.
Others may help out when they see your passion."
Whether it's emotional or physical, start sweeping!
Someone's attempt to get your attention is a major misfire.
It's a good time for a little readjustment, so see if you can make a quick switch while no one is looking."
"Something or someone might be telling you to hurry up -- a parent, a teacher, your always-in-a-rush friend.
Your energy demands caution in all business and financial matters, so make sure everything is in order before you sign on the dotted line -- or any other kind of line, for that matter.
If you want to boost your attractiveness, your energy demands extra activity to give you an extra glow.
Well, it just might, so sit tight.
You'll have a way better time than you'd think.
And if you hadn't done something praiseworthy, no one would be trying to praise you, right?
You're great at making decisions, but what about your darling?
"If you took fabulous and multiplied it by two, you still wouldn't get just how good you feel.
Take a step -- even a small one -- outside of the usual routine for the two of you, and your relationship will follow.
"You know that big project you've had kinda-sorta-not-really in the back of your mind?
That, and an intact conscience."
It is especially important to stay positive right now, especially with those who report to you.
Or furniture.
What are you doing with all that sizzle?
Improvement is a continual process.
Just add another pony to your circus and keep the show moving full speed ahead.
Plans you make for later in the day are favored."
Trust your gut instincts and don't be afraid to act impulsively or get caught up in the moment!"
"Your friends are clamoring for you right now -- even if you can't hear their calls!
So sniff it, poke it and look under the hood.
"Tell your supervisor exactly what's on your mind.
"You're ready to draw a line in the sand and defend your free time against all encroachers -- and there will be a few of them.
That goes for most, if not all circumstances.
If you're following the crowd on Sunday, make sure they're going in the right direction."
"A popular coworker may be getting more attention than they deserve but acting jealous or moody won't help you get noticed.
You can see both sides.
"You're feeling very jolly these days and embracing it with impressive abandon.
All that secret stuff, all those undercover encounters, all those clandestine meetings -- well, they've finally all added up, just like at the end of a murder mystery, when all parties concerned are brought together to reveal 'the culprit.'
Plan carefully before you make a move on the 15th.
The good news is that it means nothing, at least as far as your future is concerned.
"Daylight will bring a sudden desire to reorganize your room or get new tabs for a binder.
In the meantime, you could end up with some really lovely communications that are a bit more fit for public knowledge.
Don't confirm or deny the rumors -- just letting people talk while you go on about your business will make you all the more intriguing.
Even if they could, they wouldn't want to."
The two of you may be so diametrically opposed about an issue that the hope of ever meeting in the middle seems slight.
On the other hand, you kind of wish they would change.
It's way more romantic to do all that hard work than to project your insecurities on perfectly lovely love partners, too, by the way.
Give yourself a break and put a toe back in the romantic waters.
"Your skepticism is setting off internal alarm bells today -- and it's almost certainly with good reason!
Family or home may take priority on Friday or over the weekend -- or maybe it's more that they should.
If you've been putting something off, break the cycle today.
Controlling is sure to make life more difficult."
A little slacking won't kill anybody, and you could definitely use the break.
They won't see you coming, so you can play it loose and casual.
Maintain a healthy, critical perspective, even if you're keeping it to yourself for now.
You're in charge of your emotional life.
"You've been so successful in various aspects of life that you may not have had much of a chance to develop your patience -- -but now is the time!
Or else!
Look for a seemingly minor detail that has a big impact on Wednesday or Thursday.
There's no sense beating yourself up over indecision -- just calmly weigh the options and trust your conclusions.
"Don't hesitate to build new bridges with longtime coworkers and forge fresh alliances with old rivals -- you'll want to know exactly who you can rely on.
The second half of the week, particularly Wednesday and Thursday, your self-control and shrewdness will be called upon, and Friday you may need to finesse something over the phone.
Feathers sometimes get ruffled for no apparent reason -- don't take it personally."
"You haven't really been able to think straight for days -- okay, maybe it's been more like weeks.
Indulge in earthly pleasures, whether that means taking a long hike in the woods or cooking something impossibly decadent.
Diplomacy is a useful tool, but an excess of delicacy can get in the way.
Things should settle down soon and everything will be back to normal.
"Your love life could use a boost -- and today's fantastic emotional energy is just what it needs!
What have you been overlooking?
"One of the secrets you hide so well is that you love secrets (and intrigue and mysteries) -- provided, of course, some romance is at the root of it all.
Prudence is the better avenue."
Turn out all the lights (and phones), fire up some candles and fill the tub with delicious salts.
"By virtue of your ability to make things happen, your desires are satisfied on Monday and Tuesday with very little string-pulling on your part.
You're bewitching, so be aware of the spells you're capable of putting 'em under.
Openness is vital -- don't let yourself hide anything, no matter how sensitive."
That is what you're after, right?"
If they're not yours yet, expect that to change pretty soon."
The 8th and 9th, on the other hand, are great days for bold romantic gestures.
"You and everyone around you have been involved in a lot of positive discussions, but there's been little progress in the areas that really need it.
Now is one of those times, so make a big, dramatic gesture for your sweetie or the world.
You'll get another reminder that you're in the right line of work -- or that you need to forge a new career path.
Try to temper your criticisms with praise every time -- people shouldn't feel put down just because they don't do it your way."
Just don't forget your old friends in the process.
Force yourself to go with the flow and have fun."
For now.
Now, what are you going to do when a friend asks you what's on your mind?
"Enjoy some rare social time with coworkers or clients and agree not to talk shop ahead of time.
Arming yourself with facts is the best way to state your case and back up your argument.
Today's not the day for making long-term financial commitments.
So when your get a whiff of a problem with a coworker, even if you have nothing concrete to put your finger on, you'll know you're right -- and the vibes you'll be silently sending out will come across so loud and clear that they'll also know you're on to them.
See if you can find new ways to ingratiate yourself with those who are most important to you!"
"A secret that means a lot to you makes the first few days of the week a little extra special for you and one other person.
A nice long talk should do the trick to make sure everyone's on board."
Life is sort of funny like that.
"One of the best gifts you offer the world is your sparkling wit!
"Forget the pesky details.
You're learning all sorts of things now, and if you're honest with yourself -- and anyone else involved -- tremendous progress for both mind and heart is in the stars for you.
Later on you might have to revise them just a bit, but you'll still make great progress."
"All the new information that's been coming in through your mental filter is going to take some time to process.
A change in attitude can work wonders for your mood.
Assess your budget first, then start prioritizing."
It might be small and intimate, known only to you and maybe one other person.
Hoist the sales!
It might not come in the mail or in the form of a giant novelty check, but luck has definitely shifted in your favor.
Let your mood guide you, and don't worry so much about getting everything exactly right.
Sometimes you have to make a split decision as to what you're going to be.
If you live alone, go nuts, but if you have roommates or family members involved, things could get pretty hairy."
"You may stumble into fortuitous circumstances today, so be ready to take advantage of it quickly.
You'll have plenty of time to pout tomorrow."
"You don't have to wrestle with this one alone.
Treat them to something surprising -- one of your best qualities is your lack of predictability.
This humble attitude serves you well when it comes to facing a new challenge in your life.
There's a strong chance that they are just insecure.
And they've been in situations like this one before.
"You're feeling fine and funky and ready for a new kind of love.
"Every brick wall you encounter today is not meant to be climbed over.
Offer one up if you don't already have something cooking, and see how it all goes."
"It's a great time to get your friends together for a raucous night of bowling.
It could go nowhere fast, or it could go as well as any romantic comedy could ever ask for -- it's worth the risk!"
"You may be tempted to try something bold and crazy, but try to hold back for now.
The more you care, the more you'll share."
Your partner might not even realize it, but they're sending you messages that will become more and more clear as the day wears on.
"Sharp intellectual curiosity has you reading the news and international blogs, but don't forget the people right around you.
"Even though you may not be totally swayed by them, you can still get a lot out of other people's ideas -- as long as you're willing to hear them out in the first place.
Who knows?
Then you can regroup and see things more clearly."
You won't be able to rest until it's all done, and you know how you get when you decide you're going to finish something."
Everything goes your way on the 17th and 18th.
Outwardly, the lights may be green, but inwardly, something's flashing red.
You should be able to make it stick long enough to count."
Look deeper into a certain seemingly sideline situation, and look deeper into your own heart's desires."
Make sure to pencil in some stress-reducing activities as well."
But what is drawing all these would-be Lotharios-or-Lotharias to your side is something else, too: Your inner beauty.
"Ready for that long-cherished dream to become a reality?
The novelty of travel is what you need right now.
"Forgiveness doesn't always naturally to you.
What does that mean?
"Money issues are looming overhead right now, so put off any major decisions until later in the week -- or, even better, next week.
Push out the worries of the day."
"Quick!
Use your powers wisely.
That doesn't just mean paying attention to others.
Cool down!
It may be good or bad, but you need to be open about it.
Have a good time pulling everyone together and enjoy the applause for a job well done.
You find decision-making a bit more difficult than usual Thursday and Friday, but it's not like you'll be expected to make any big, dramatic calls any time soon.
"Make an adventure out of something ordinary.
But do read the whole thing very carefully first.
"A book of Eastern philosophy, an Argentine recipe or another foreign artifact will give you a fun, new experience.
That's not to say that you should neglect sweetie -- just that you need to balance things out.
"If your boss is driving you nuts, make fun plans for after work to blow off steam.
Then smooch!
Are you crazy?
You'll be there for them when the tide turns.
Jump on it!
It may feel like fun to wing it when making plans for tonight, but try to at least form a skeleton of a plan.
You have everything going on -- and you look great too.
Is your routine different?
You have bigger fish to fry."
If you find a way to give in without giving up ground, you can come out ahead in the very long run."
"You've got some spare cash rattling around, and the odds are that you slap it down on a lark today.
The work environment's an important factor on Thursday and Friday.
"Try not to worry too much about what you're getting out of today's activities -- sometimes you need to let others' needs come first.
In romantic matters, you need to be straightforward and let things happen at least somewhat naturally!"
"Your senses are more open to new input today, and you should find that you're better able to piece together clues coming your way.
"Others may not have your cataloging and organizing abilities, but remember to respect their opinions on other matters.
Being yourself this weekend will pay off though -- in ways you'd never imagined."
You just so happen to be in the mood to socialize too!
It's a good day to stay close to them and play as a team.
"Interruptions and distractions will get in the way of your daily routine, but try to stay flexible and open-minded about it all.
When you've accomplished more than others dare to dream about (say, by the 3rd), you'll be ready to treat yourself.
Once you're over the shock, you'll enjoy the freedom all this allows you -- and if you're smart, you should take the evening off from overtime too.
If you let things evolve organically now -- particularly when it comes to friends and those who might turn into something more -- something real could emerge."
Your energy is perfect for starting new things, so see if your sweetie is up for a joint project or planning your next trip together.
So stay on your toes.
"You can come up with a million great ideas today, and you may also want to get started on all of them at once.
It's a productive day, as long as you can let go.
The effects of low morale may not be obvious to your boss, but they certainly are to you.
Instead, easily shift from deft debating to charming chitchat and back again.
Someone new fascinates you so much now that you actually consider opening the ranks for them.
Go for it!"
Take a risk and act on a hunch.
If it's clean already, use the day to get organized somewhere else around the house -- your closet or desk, perhaps?"
The usual reasons.
"Look closely at every document you come across on Monday and Tuesday.
Ever since the holidays, you've probably been watching every penny.
"Focus on the 1st, and all that you desire will be yours.
Go away?
If you two can focus on what's truly important, you'll get past this in no time at all.
"If you're involved in something new -- a gig, a sweetie, an artistic endeavor, whatever -- remember that you can count on your people to help you move forward with it.
If it goes poorly, they can bear the burden, and if it goes well, you're on board.
You might be surprised at how this all turns out."
"Today you'll know who you are and where you want to go.
Your partner has something to say to you, but they might be waiting or trying to say it in code.
Put those practical tendencies aside.
Keeping any secrets, even those that seem small, is hazardous.
Yep, you can't be beat!
"Follow a sudden notion or unusual idea on Monday.
Try to skew it toward the positive by making sure you're among friends -- or at least people predisposed to liking you.
Read every word of the fine print and get some help if you can't make sense of it all on your own."
But don't fret: Meeting this challenge will reaffirm your faith in yourself and your ability to handle whatever comes your way.
Take time out to regroup and recharge, even if it's just a brief respite from your schedule.
"Buddy up or travel as part of a pack for now -- the strength in numbers will work to your advantage.
Go ahead.
Take a break for business on the 25th, 26th and 27th.
"You need to get to the bottom of this!
Take a break from the dramatic fireworks going on at work or at home -- and be sure not to wade into the fray, even if you're positive you could smooth things over.
Just let your loved ones know the news as gently as possible.
"Your energy is flowing strongly through mind and body today, leading you to take new risks that should pay off for you.
Take your love life a little more slowly for now."
If you want the boss to give you and only you control of the soap suds campaign, say so on the 8th and 9th.
You probably couldn't get by without your hunches and inspirations, so make sure you've got a direct line to the subconscious."
"Your good heart will shine through today.
You're feeling restless and the subterranean shifts you've been surfing for the past several months are starting to come to the surface.
Whether it's a sticky budget, a project you can't seem to get approval for or a coworker who refuses to cooperate, be patient but be proactive.
Your social life is cooking and opportunities on the work front are occupying most of your brain.
If you smell something metallic, you'll imagine ways to spend your pennies."
Choose an area of your life and start remodeling it.
"You might have some troubles with those who disagree with you, even on a superficial level.
"Life is usually intense when you're around, especially on a day like today.
Why stay in one place when you can create some fabulous romantic energy out of pure ether?
Go with it and be sure to write down your revelations as they occur; knowledge is fleeting unless it's documented."
"Somebody's ego just grew a few sizes -- is it yours?
At least, you should be able to move yourself forward in one way or another."
You may need to find someone who's clued in to the weird social vibe moving through your circles before you can understand the subliminal signals coming your way."
That doesn't mean you need to put off going home until tomorrow, just that you need to handle an added conflict with grace."
They'd do whatever you say.
"You are the sun and your friends are the planets; you are their center of gravity.
"There are risky risks, and there are riskier risks.
That way you can overcome objections and obstacles while learning how to be as flexible as a yogi.
In the evening, take the time to think through and write down what you have learned -- watch how great ideas blossom out of small beginnings."
You may keep talking, but there should be absolutely no argument.
"Things are nearly perfect at work -- your clients are happy, your coworkers are staying out of your hair and your supervisors smile when they see you.
You might also want to consider the fact that someone could be trying to arrange a wonderful surprise for you.
Travel, anticipation, romance: It could all be just what the doctor ordered."
That supposed boundary between fantasy and reality doesn't stand a chance at the moment.
"Why are others so helpless when faced with your charms right now?
If you're going to act on an impulse today, make sure you're prepared for any possible outcome.
Don't expect payback.
That will help more than anything."
You know more than you think you do!"
Every time you raise your eyebrow or bite your lip, others will be inclined to misinterpret your actions.
Go over it again just to be certain.
It's a great day to spend time planning events or trips for the future, especially those that require research into the details.
Don't expect your friends to solve your problem for you.
Don't take it personally -- people are just glad it's you and not them."
You're used to discretion being the better part of valor, but talking this out would help you more than you know."
And these qualities extend into all areas of your life.
Check in with your support network and let them know you're doing well -- they only need a quick update for the guilt trips to stop!
You're not lovable despite your 'flaws' -- your flaws are what make up the unique fingerprint of your personality."
"You might feel a little exposed on the home front when word gets out about your latest success, but don't be shy about speaking your mind.
Work is on the top of your mind right now anyway.
At the moment, though, you amaze even yourself with how much you enjoy chatting with almost anyone on pretty much any topic.
It might be best to play around with the subject a little before throwing anything or anyone over the side.
When the urge to go all-out to impress them with your emotional depth hits you, go for it.
You're feeling imaginative -- more so than usual -- and may want to try something new with your sweetheart.
"An authority figure might arouse your wrath today, but think before you respond.
"Some high-concept excitement may have everyone's head spinning at the beginning of the week, but don't just get caught up in the moment.
As the day develops, you'll start to see why.
So when you wake up in the middle of an especially long diatribe -- and catch yourself wondering who could have been rambling on for so very long -- don't panic that it was you.
However, that is only very rarely the case.
After all, solid friendships aren't made overnight.
Not at all.
"The powers that be have tossed quite the dilemma your way.
"Keeping your head down and your eyes on the road like an ox pulling a cart will allow you to finish up your homework, but it will also show you the little flowers by the roadside.
Forming alliances and trying to figure out who should get booted off the island might be a tad over the top."
Crank up the radio."
Spread a few favors around, and you'll see them come back to you when you need them most."
The sky's the limit."
Romance has staked out some prime real estate in your mind, body and soul -- and no wonder!
Before you tear down a wall or drop too much cash, you may want to consider a few things: the time and money you have available, for starters -- and what you'll do if you don't stay in this mood long enough to fix that gaping hole in your dining room.
It's time for you to let one tiny detail slip -- maybe that crazy stunt you pulled once that was totally out of character, or that talent you've got that only rarely (but wonderfully) comes into play."
Your job could be on the line."
"You're a snail on Monday, and you're hanging out under your shell.
Ask a question or two before you act or react!
"Your unconscious mind is working overtime, but it's causing all kinds of little blips in your perceptions.
Usually your partner can count on you to make swift decisions, but every now and then you're paralyzed by choice (just like everyone else).
"Now's a great time to pore over the details of the latest plan before you decide to move forward.
Paradoxically, it will end up being the safest bet."
Try not to worry about what you may get in return.
Use this gift wisely."
Not only does this enhance all first impressions, it also gives you the ability to think quickly on your feet.
Why?
You don't need to share your limited resources, no matter who is leaning on you.
"If you've been waiting for the right moment to launch your new initiative, kick off your new project or take that next career step, wait no longer.
"Before boredom sets in, go in search of some serious excitement -- not just any old entertainment will cut it.
You need to do some shopping -- for clothes, cosmetics and anything else that will help you make your point.
You need to reevaluate your objectives and milestones in light of recent revelations.
You won't know if they're feeling that same way until you ask, of course -- and that necessarily involves asking them."
After all, if you can imagine it clearly, you know better which direction to head in!
Start planning your next move -- and think about its effects on your career.
"You need to get in touch with your inner voice.
"Your right brain is fully engaged today, drawing clues out of seemingly insignificant details.
You don't have a chance to think about anything related to yourself.
They need you to speak the absolute truth.
Odds are it won't be there tomorrow either, so try not to sweat it.
"You're a seeker of knowledge of all kinds, from the physical to the emotional and mental.
When you're feeling good, you're looking hot, and your energy promotes health and fitness for now.
Just move on."
You may need to take responsibility for someone else for a bit."
Make big, ambitious plans for this evening.
Your peers are amazed at what looks like prescience!"
Some people think you're one of the most intense people they know, but they might not realize that you also have a seriously wicked sense of humor.
Your adaptability will stun everyone into submission."
"You need to deal with your deepest issues today -- or at least those deep enough to confuse you!
"Today's issues are especially polarized, so there's no shame in taking a stand and sticking to it.
Good energy is on your side today when it comes to devising smart communications or putting together awesome plans -- all of which is quite valuable when it comes to romance.
The other part of you thinks maybe there are better ways to spend your money this weekend.
From Monday evening through Wednesday, you might still find yourself at odds with the ideas and agendas of others, but the competition is apt to be much more good-natured and spirited.
If not, say so.
Aries is a very physical and pioneering force of nature, so expect your work to involve action and initiative.
"You can keep yourself reined in today -- it's easy.
Then, around Friday and Saturday, you need to engage your instincts when it comes to matters of the heart.
Multifaceted doesn't even begin to describe you.
You may not like what you hear initially, but the truth will set you free."
Whatever else you've got going on, reprioritize so you can heat things up with your honey.
You'll find your own way out -- sooner rather than later.
You may be feeling slightly quieter than usual, but you're more than willing to hang out, especially if your sweetheart is involved.
The good times keep rolling and you will quickly build up your working relationships so they're stronger than ever.
"It's a great time to make lists -- resolutions, anyone?
And on the 8th, you might well just hit one.
You and your darling want to jump in right away.
Work is your top priority when a big project comes up for review on the 12th and 13th.
It looks like the 1st and 2nd are going to be pretty romantic days for you!
"Go over the details one last time before letting the next big project go live.
You may not have to act on this knowledge, but you'll know what to do if you should.
"Your obsessive qualities are on display today -- and they make you look even better than usual!
Bring it out in full force today and have some harmless fun with other cute witty folk.
Congratulations -- get ready to celebrate."
Others will rejoice with you."
And they know how to be creative.
Find the various intersections and overlaps, and you're sure to discover something interesting about yourself."
Though you are sometimes rather prone to extremes, right now you've actually got sound a way to make sweet music in the middle, which is  useful for anything related to your love life!"
Look to your partner as a sounding board -- they'll offer help.
Besides, Tuesday and Wednesday will be so full of activity completely outside the home realm that you may forget about everything else, at least for a short while.
You're back to feeling mighty intense about the relationship, and with any luck your honey is right on your wavelength.
Wednesday and Thursday require fewer mental acrobatics.
Leave the chatter to those with more space between their ears -- what you've got is incredibly sexy, especially today.
Whether it's something to get excited about or a frustrating turn of events, try to maintain a bit of composure while you think it over.
"Everything you feel will quite literally be written all over your face now.
You feel quite happily involved with them.
Not only are you getting a lot done, but others can't help noticing.
Don't worry about it.
you'd better shop around.
Maybe not skydiving, but something similar."
"Let loose creatively -- you need to feel the flow!
Wednesday and Thursday, the tables suddenly turn and you're the radiant center of the office -- and if you finished the week's work while you were hiding away from the world, all the better.
"If you haven't been taking your vitamins lately, you'd better double up on them now.
Your charm is drawing the right people nearby, but only if you get your ego out of the way (for the time being) and act as a conduit."
Setting your heart on one person could mean missing out on someone who's else even better."
You've got some good people on your side when it comes to getting new ideas, so work them for all they're worth."
Thursday returns you to more everyday tasks.
"Whether you're bored or just need a new challenge, you may be looking at a career change.
Follow your instincts but be a bit conservative."
After all, they do the same for you!"
So what are you waiting for?
Your sweetheart wants to help get you out of this mood, but all you need is their loving support.
That's fine -- just enjoy it for what it is.
You will be able to see just what is needed and ought to be able to serve it up to sweetie before being asked.
It's time for comfort food, favorite movies and cozy slippers.
It really shouldn't take you 20 minutes to make up your mind.
That's quite a talent you've got there -- maybe you could teach it to a few of your more gossipy pals!"
It's not that hard, but you may need to exert some effort."
Rely on your own charm and wit today.
You are tempted on the 17th.
Sheesh!
If there's one thing you need, it's the possibility of renewal.
You need to go through each of them.
You can express things you usually keep hidden."
Eventually they should get bored and try to hassle someone else."
"Life is something of a mystery right now, but you can certainly handle it -- in fact, you may thrive on it!
Strive for balance now."
Before you know what's happening, you may be deep in conversation with someone you hardly know -- so why not bring up the good stuff from down deep?
Don't squander this opportunity!"
Use a bit restraint for the time being."
Chasing rainbows of the romantic variety is a perfect activity for you on this super-romantic day.
See if your friends are willing to step up and enjoy the day with you."
At some point you're going to want to have someone to share your personal space with, right?
If they're on your team, gently get them back on track.
"It's the old guard versus the new folks in a power struggle that will help define the mission of your business for some time.
Perhaps you'll want to finally start volunteering for your favorite cause (as you've been meaning to), or maybe now's the time to turn over a new leaf at work or in an interpersonal relationship.
Make time to hang out with an old friend or a family member.
"View gaps in your knowledge as opportunities rather than weaknesses.
Sometimes you have to know when to go your own way, even in the tightest of partnerships.
If you have to argue for your own merits with this person, are they really someone you want to be with?
Try to scale back your goals and milestones until everyone is more or less on the same page.
Don't feel too rushed to choose."
If you can blow off other responsibilities you won't regret it.
It's a good thing you're so filled with good energy that you can easily convince them that your P.O.V.
Hooray!
"You've spun so far out of the mainstream (in at least one direction) that you're having a hard time keeping up with your closest friends.
"Someone around you will cause trouble.
Productivity should be high throughout the office, and you're near the front of the pack.
You just need to find your bearings.
In romance and communication, go for it; for financial and legal decisions, wait a day.
Get out there and share your heart's energy with all kinds of people: family, your mate, coworkers, friends and complete strangers.
Let the situation unfold and just see where it's heading.
There's enough to go around!"
It's a good idea for you to kick back and let them drive for the time being.
One thing's for certain: You're sure to enjoy the journey.
Do you see them sweating the small stuff?
"It's no wonder that your mind is a loose collection of images and feelings at the start of the week -- the dreamy quality of the season does that.
"The fine print is being even more annoying than usual -- but you have to go through the motions and make sure that you're handling it properly anyway.
well, that natural sexuality that oozes out of your every pore doesn't make it easy to do.
You know how to confidently hold your ground without turning it into trench warfare.
At the moment, since it's gone along so well, you're ready to focus on the other big part of your life: the person you love.
Someone might take your words the wrong way, but you can clear it up later.
Get ahead of the game and push yourself to new heights -- you'll soon see that things are going your way.
"Birds are suddenly appearing on Monday, as the loves song goes.
In the meantime, once you've announced your findings, remember that the hero/ine of the thriller always, always ends up with groupies.
If so, sit down and get some clarity before you start talking, or else your audience may need an intermission to make it all the way to the end."
Keep it under wraps for now; you'll have the chance to show off later on.
It's way too easy to grouch about how hard life is now, but when was it ever easy?
Give that special person just a little more thought and let it grow a bit without your energy driving anything."
On Tuesday and Wednesday, you let love take its natural course, and it feels great.
Sometimes you need to work what you've got."
An unexpected message or complaint comes late in the week from parents, elderly relatives or possibly an old friend.
In fact, you may already be doing this job, and not getting the credit or financial remuneration due you.
At the same time, try to revamp your social calendar with some wild, unusual events.
You're unstoppable, though who would want to stop you when you're this great?
Whatever you plan today has a double seal of approval from the stars."
Friday stands a good chance of being an easy day, as long as you're patient and aware.
Just be sure that no one who may be responsible gets wind of what you've uncovered."
"Engage someone in a deep conversation -- they are sure to stimulate a part of your brain that needs it badly.
Those who know and love you have also seen how you get when you're really intent on finishing something.
"It's an instant replay of yesterday, complete with every last stumbling block, barrier and impediment you could possibly have imagined -- as well as a couple you hadn't.
Buckle up, now."
You've had it with furtive glances, masked emotions, clandestine meetings and anything else that even remotely smacks of behind-the-scenes dealings.
"You'd love to be in love, but that doesn't mean you're going to take the first single candidate to come along.
If you're critical, be sure praise and constructive advice are part of the mix."
"Open communication is vital today, and you need to make sure that all lines are open this morning.
"You really need to get it all just right if you want to impress that certain someone special right now.
Find a close friend you can be yourself around, and propose a quiet game of checkers or cards."
"Cynicism is the easy way out, and it helps no one in the end.
Your intense energy makes the weekend a blast for you and anyone you happen to be attracted to at the moment.
"You're the kind of person who insists on depth, intensity and passion in all your encounters, so anyone who wastes your time with meaningless chatter won't garner a second conversation.
Tuesday and Wednesday you finally get to focus on your romantic life, but your romantic life is frustratingly full of friction.
Be extra-nice on the 8th, or there could be a domestic disturbance.
You need to focus on giving and try not to ask for much of anything right now.
"Thinking about buying a new car today?
"You have the determination of a warrior on Monday.
Make sure you have the ear of your supervisor or someone high up on the food chain, then let loose.
"If an old friend or significant other has been on your mind lately, there could be a good reason for that.
You've got to speak up soon and make sure that your sweetie is okay with everything that's going on.
Most likely it'll be super-positive, as in this person is looking to hook up with you on a more permanent basis.
You should!
Whatever ideas you put out in the universe will come to fruition in the most satisfying of ways."
That's how you'll get ahead of the game!"
That's the situation at the moment.
Spill the important stuff and save the surprises for lovely little romantic moments.
It may be something of a sacrifice for you, but it will also absolve you of responsibility.
"Don't hesitate to communicate and socialize today, especially over food.
"Since when has popularity ever been an issue with you?
After all this hard work on your part, you definitely deserve the totally terrific days coming your way on the 2nd and 3rd.
Wildly delicious daydreams will occur to you all day, but be sure to take pleasure in your present, wonderful state of mind and smooth, joyful life."
Try to cast a wide net and look for the anomalies that highlight how your current paradigm needs to change.
Sometimes a person just has to stake out their territory when it comes to romance.
"A big mystery floats your way today -- and you might be the only one who can solve it.
Get busy."
Expect to learn from experience.
Well, that's just fine.
In real life, of course, monumental movements only happen when you commit to making small changes first.
"Every stray scent distracts you today.
You can't own anybody!"
"Tick things off your list today.
And you know you have time to think hard about this now.
Wait until you get more data from your sweetie before making any decisions about what to do next.
Exercise your mind and your body, and your heart and soul are sure to follow right along."
You will be quick-witted and articulate -- a certain degree of sympathy for your listeners is essential as well.
See if you can nudge them along with body language and subtle gestures.
Whether you like it or not, don't forget to be polite and taste everything at least once.
You may learn new tricks or use an under-appreciated skill."
Then go out and get it on the 30th!
So, even though your instincts are superb, wait a while before speaking your piece about a date.
Think over that one situation a bit more before deciding how to take care of it.
Don't wait another minute.
You'll be able to persuade almost anyone to sign on.
Remedy any pointless inefficiencies.
"Work is worrying you on Monday -- something's up with the boss.
It can -- and should -- come into play in every single aspect of your life.
"You need to deal with someone who is asking a lot of you -- so make sure that you're up to it.
Have you been neglecting your role as your own personal trainer?
Something great is in the works!"
Exciting!"
After all the recent twists and turns, your results should be better than if you'd planned it out yourself.
Instead, you need to ask if you love yourself.
"Your morning should begin on a pleasantly upbeat note, especially if you take some time to get attuned to your inner thoughts.
Someone really understands you -- and understands your current romantic dilemma even better.
Find someone else who needs a rest and play together.
Some others may still be able to spot that rather smug look on your face -- if they do, try your very best to keep quiet."
"You have ample and amazing insight today, so don't be bashful about posing big questions.
Your energy doesn't let you push it now.
If you can, play the diplomat and help bring the two sides together -- or keep them peacefully apart.
"Are you ready to be in charge?
Take this newfound determination and use it to your advantage."
A lot of pressing things are underway, and you play a crucial role.
Make your big decision before night falls, as by then, even minor choices are likely to leave you stammering.
It's finally safe.
It's normal for human beings to want things they can't have, but it's possible that you're being selfish about this: You have no idea what's going on in this person's interior life.
So why spring for the first thing you see?
"Lately you're not just sharpening your pencils -- you're really honing your perceptions of what's going on in the workplace and taking it all in stride.
Take advantage of your mature composure to deal with the little tasks you've been putting off, and you'll feel even more serene."
As night falls, your fastidiousness may conflict with someone else's."
"In addition to an intense positive energy, you are full of sex appeal.
A funny little bit of information about your honey is available to you now, if only you take a moment to look.
Use it to make sure both of you are happy.
"You're equal parts strategist, detective and analyst -- and you're excellent at all three of those occupations.
Ask them to do something low-pressure with you.
Or is it the cool cash rewards that come with said job?
Revamp, regroup and look for a better climate starting Sunday."
"On the one hand, you really want things to continue as they are.
Even if they can't hand you what you need, they may be able to come up with a plan."
Lunch and dinner meetings are especially auspicious for you, so see if you can sneak a little business on to the menu."
Oddly enough, you'll also need to make some time to tend to the needs of your family members.
Don't worry about it.
By later this afternoon, the only company you really enjoy is your own."
Find a great place to have fun that's on the way, then call to make sure they can accommodate you."
If you live together, expect arguments over small stuff such as groceries or bills; otherwise it's smooth sailing.
Sometimes you need to assert yourself."
You've been psyching yourself up to take a big step in your love life.
Is dad forgetting to put the cap on the toothpaste?
Something about the way you carry yourself will change slightly.
A deep connection suddenly blossoms between you and someone you've known for ages -- it's a shock!
You aren't losing your mind!
This too shall pass, so channel your annoyance into physical activity.
"You need to draw some attention to yourself, for better or for worse.
Best of all, it will be over quickly."
"Fantasy visions of the future may set you up with unrealistic goals.
So your willingness to keep on working on that project until it's done -- even though it's the weekend and everyone else just wants to eat, drink and be merry -- won't surprise them.
In fact, there aren't too many other signs that could even come close, much less match it.
You know how you are when you're mulling things over, and keeping busy with mindless tasks is the best way to make your decision."
"Cats have nothing on your curiosity right now.
That doesn't necessarily mean tons of dates, either -- do something indulgent for yourself."
Stability feels more important than ever, but it's almost dead certain that harmony will be interrupted briefly.
But do you think it might be time to step off this work-related roller coaster?
